View the full Table documentation [here](/docs/1-watson-iot-table--playground)

## Drag and Drop

To support drag and drop in the table set the `hasDragAndDrop` property to true. This will reserve
space in the table for a drag handle at the start of rows. Each draggable row needs to set
`isDraggable` to true in the data array if if can be dragged. Finally, the table will need to supply
callbacks for `onDrag` and `onDrop`.

`onDrag` is called once a drag begins. It receives the the rows being dragged (the row elements from
`data`). It must return an object with both an array of row IDs that can accept a drop of this row,
and a `React.Node` to be used as the drag preview. The table will show that preview near the cursor
during the drag, so it should summarize the dragged row in a compact form. The table will add a
border and shadow to this, so just return the row icon and name or something similar.

Multiple row can be dragged at once. If the dragged row is not part of the selected rows, then only
that one row is dragged. If it is part of a selection, then all the rows in the selection are
dragged. If a row is selected that is not draggable, all drag handles are hidden and the user cannot
initiate a drag. When multiple rows are being dragged you should create a preview the shows a
summary or count of the rows. Be prepared to handle any selection size and produce a reasonably
sized preview. (Note that the Storybook example just previews all selected rows as a trivial
example, but a real implementations need to be smarter.)

`onDrop` is called when a drop succeeds. It receives the dragged row ID and the dropped on row ID.
The caller must decide what to do at that point--the table doesn't change the data on drop. There is
no callback if the drop is canceled.

```js
const columns = [
  {
    id: 'row-0',
    values: {
      name: 'A file',
    }
    isDraggable: true
  },
  {
    id: 'row-1',
    values: {
      name: 'A folder'
    }
  }
]


<StatefulTable
  columns={columns}
  data={data}
  options={{ hasDragAndDrop: true }}
  actions={{
    table: {
      onDrag: (rows) => {
        return {
          // this assume we can only drop the first row on the second.
          dropIds: ['row-1'],
          preview: <>rows[0].values.name</>
        };
      },
      onDrop: (dragRowIds, dropRowId) => {
        console.info(`Dropped ${dragRowIds} onto ${dropRowId}`);
      }
    },
  }}
/>

];
```

### Enabling drop over breadcrumb nodes

To support dropping over breadcrumb nodes/items in the table set the `hasBreadcrumbDrop` property to
true. This will enable drop over all the breadcrumb nodes available in the dom. Upon drop over a 
breadcrumb item dom element will be returned of type `Node.ELEMENT_NODE`. So on caller side `onDrop` 
needs following modifications to handle nodes types returned when `hasBreadcrumbDrop` is set to `true`
and inaddition to `String` types which is returned for dropping on table row.

A breadcrumb node won't be considered as droppable target if prop `isCurrentPage` is passed or
`href` is not passed to the `BreadcrumbItem`.

```js
...
 onDrop: (dragRowIds, dropRowIdOrNode) => {
  if(typeof dropRowIdOrNode === 'string'){
     console.info(`Dropped ${dragRowIds} onto ${dropRowId}`);
  }else if (dropRowIdOrNode instanceof Element || (dropRowIdOrNode && dropRowIdOrNode.nodeType === Node.ELEMENT_NODE)){
    //for nodes residing in overflow menus need to read title through innerText
    let breadcrumbTitle = dropRowIdOrNode.title && dropRowIdOrNode.title != "" ? dropRowIdOrNode.title : dropRowIdOrNode.innerText;
    console.info(`Dropped ${dragRowIds} onto ${breadcrumbTitle}`);
  }
}
...
```
